I used to believe in happy ever after, in love conquering all, but real life isn't fair
tale.
I wanted to believe we could rekindle what we lost, but sometimes the flames burn too
bright.
Angie, I miss you so much.
I'm so sorry you got caught up in my mess.
If I could take it back, I'd do everything different.
I need a favor.
Angie's parents asked me to pack up her place.
Is that what you wanted to ask me about?
Because I'm happy to help out.
No, it's something else.
When he gives a drink, he can fill me in.
You're usually wearing hair.
Good question.
Edithites call.
You just waste your money for a raspberry, right?
People change.
No one.
She asks you to go?
No one?
It's about Nancy, because...
It's about Tom.
I looked up the rules for Nancy's widow's pension.
If Tom's drug addiction comes out, she loses everything.
I've told her about the drugs.
You're still protecting Nancy, unbelievable.
And trying to protect Tom, okay, who isn't around to defend himself.
What about Angie?
That murderous bitch Nancy thinks she's gotten away with what she did.
This is the only way I can make her pay, and I don't care if that means trashing Tom's
precious reputation.
No, no, no.
There has to be another way.
Look at the great team later, defending his man until the end.
Angie was on your team too, no one.
She's not to stay at Angie's, it's probably full of sad memories.
Stay at home now.
I'll stay at Dad's.
What?
What's out?
Idiot.
I'll move back.
Thank you.
You think you could come home early tonight?
Yeah.
I can get some stuff at dinner, if you like.
I don't care about food.
We need to discuss the divorce.
This is the talk screening from Tom's autopsy.
I know you love Tom, but you've been protecting him long enough.
Hey, get a seat if she hates me too much to accept it from me.
Where's Nolan?
He asked me to give you this.
This will prove that Tom was in breach of the fire frighters code when he died.
They'll cancel his pension straight away.
Thank you.
Look, I really want to...
I'm sorry, I have to get back to the station.
But I'd really like to take you out to dinner sometime.
I like that.
I can't believe no one's going to blow me off again.
Howard, we're not turning out.
I'm going to change anything either.
I'm going to divorce me, and I don't know how to stop it.
Where's Dad?
He said it was emergency.
I asked him to call you because I knew you wouldn't come on your own.
I'll save you reading them.
I don't want the house, or your car, or your money.
I just want you out of my life as soon as possible.
If I hadn't been such a bad husband, things could have been so different.
Well, what's good from you?
Your favorite?
Yeah.
Oh, my favorite.
Better than that.
Please just sign so we can both get home without our lives.
It doesn't have to be this way.
It's too late, Nolan.
You've hurt me too much.
If you care about me at all, just give me my freedom.
Thank you.
Where are you going?
I don't know yet.
Stay here.
I want you to have these places.
Zero home more than mine stuff.
I suppose that's true.
You're wearing never here.
All right.
I'll take it.
Thank you.
I guess it's goodbye to him.
Hey, I'm Simon because I know that's what you'd want.
I want you to feel like a troll at what happens next.
I want it to be your choice.
Where are you talking about?
Give me three months to change your mind about yours.
Three months.
Just give me a chance to turn things around.
If you still want to follow divorce papers after that then.
I can file them right now and this will be over.
All I'm asking for is a chance.
I used to make it up to you for everything.
Wait, give it to me?
Fucker you doing here.
Please, Frankie, you gotta help me.
Why would I do that?
For Tom.
I know he saved your life more than once when you were a rookie.
What do you want?
If no one has proof they can discredit Tom, I'm gonna lose everything.
I've already lost Tom and the baby.
I just need to destroy any evidence of Tom on drugs.
Think about it.
Please.
For Tom.
For Edith.
I overheard everything she said.
Tell her you'll do it.
Oh, but she killed Angie.
Is that her?
Tell her you'll meet her in the radio room tomorrow and you'll hand over the evidence.
Okay, and then what?
It's time to make her pay.
Things are going my way.
Why are you waiting for something?
What?
What's going on, Frankie?
Nothing.
All good.
You wanna do the next step?
He's a shit, Frankie.
Oh, Nancy.
Looking for this?
Hello, Nancy.
It's amazing Tom could walk that night.
He had so many drugs in the system.
Give me that.
Not until you admit you killed Angie and framed me for plagiarism.
How do I know that?
I know they'll never be able to prosecute you because you got rid of all the evidence, but I need to hear you say it.
All right.
But it was supposed to be you.
She had that stupid face.
You didn't say anything about me.
Oh, yeah.
All the police.
And the plagiarism.
I'm so fucking proud of you and her hair.
What better way to hurt you than steal your book and tell everyone that it was mine.
Now, give me that.
Sure.
Why not?
I've already got enough witnesses to your confession.
Oh.
That?
That's just a copy.
Oh, you bitch.
I'm gonna kill you.
No!
You're about to lose everything.
You're home.
You're freedom.
All the sympathy you've been milking as Tom's widow.
Don't let her do this to me.
You and I would be so much better together.
How can you choose this pathetic bitch over me?
I never chosen.
Not even once.
What's going on here?
Frank.
Franky.
You know how much I suffered half the time, guys.
Don't listen to their lives.
None of it's true.
No one will ever believe you again.
You killed Angie and your own child.
You're an vicious, twisted monster.
And they're gonna lock you up and throw away the key.
No one.
Please.
I love you.
I'm hurting you.
No, it's fine.
You should really go to the hospital.
It's not that deep.
No, she out.
She missed everything important.
Why did you risk your life like that?
What would your father do if you died?
What about you?
Did you be upset if I died?
Listen, I don't want you to die.
No, that's not what I asked.
When we signed those divorce papers,
asked you to give me more chance.
You didn't say no.
I just figured that.
That was still hope for us.
Don't let us go.
Come on.
Tell her.
Nancy Anderson has pleaded diminished capacity
due to mental illness.
Please tell me you're not letting her claim insanity.
She has been diagnosed with multiple
anti-social personality disorders.
The court has ordered that she be confined
to a psychiatric institute indefinitely.
But she could still get out?
No, Mrs. Blair.
It's unlikely Nancy will ever be released.
Then Angie has her justice.
Thank you.
Hey, how'd it go?
Nancy is being sent to a psychiatric hospital
probably for the rest of her life.
That's great news.
Listen, if I was thinking maybe...
Hey.
Hopefully they'll hold our table for lunch still.
Mine too late.
She already moved on with someone new.
I need your help.
I've tried everything with Edith,
but I don't know.
She just wanted me back in.
Leave it with me.
I'll give her a call.
See if she's willing to talk.
Yeah.
Nice work.
Well, you better have finished changing up.
Edith said she's going to be here at seven.
Okay?
She's not coming as she.
I didn't invite her.
I'm sorry, son.
I...
What did you do to experience your marriage?
I had felt...
buried a throat...
for many years.
You're the one who taught me how to be a bad husband.
You don't even know I came to it for advice.
I haven't too long.
It's just to tend to light us from writing too much.
Hmm.
What are you doing here, Nolan?
I can't stay at Dad's dorms for the station.
Can I stay here tonight?
Just one night.
I promise.
You can have the couch.
Thanks.
I can put those wiffy for that house.
Yeah.
That'd be good.
I'm just gonna grab a quick shower.
Edith, you okay?
I thought you slipped.
I knocked the shampoo over.
Oh.
Sorry.
I'm embarrassing.
You need help?
It's fine.
You really have changed, haven't you?
You know that saying?
No, he got into what's gone.
I understand.
I had the greatest gift in the world.
And I threw it away.
Hmm.
Just a kiss.
What do you want?
I mean, going to bed.
I know I hurt you.
I know I missed a chance just to get it right.
Hey.
I thought you were working on your book.
It's finished.
Are you happy?
I dedicated it to you, Jay.
I think it's the best thing I've ever written.
I'm so happy for you.
You're amazing.
Edith, I promise you.
I'm not a chair shoeing up in the way you deserve now.
You're amazing.
Edith, I promise you.
I'm not a chair shoeing up in the way you deserve now.
Edith, I know I promise to be a good husband.
Frankie, there's no easy way to say this.
So I'll just say it.
I'm getting back with you.
I don't know you.
If I do, it'll take a long time for me to trust you.
You might never be at the team.
I'm happy to wait.
You're worth it.
I know what it's like to wait for someone you care about.
I don't want to do that to you.
I'm sorry if you hurt me.
Don't be a stranger, okay?
My manuscript isn't in here.
Head over the back, asshole.
Make me.
What is he?
I think we should call the police.
What if he's hurt?
No one knows how to handle himself.
No, I've got a bad feeling about this.
Trust me.
It'll be fine.
Sorry.
He took so long at that.
He didn't give it up.
I can't believe you did that.
This manuscript needs everything to me.
The thought of losing it.
So I had to get it back.
Thank you, Nolan.
I was asked if you cared if I died.
You didn't answer.
The answer was yes.
And you can't hide, no.
Please, Frankie help!
You're still right this time.
I can't help you.
I'm sorry.
Do you?
Please.
I'm sorry.
You deserve better.
Thank you for coming, Frankie.
Take care of yourselves.
I thought we had more time.
Do you smell that?
It's like...